<f:view
	xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
	xmlns:c="http://java.sun.com/jsp/jstl/core"
	xmlns:f="http://java.sun.com/jsf/core"
	xmlns:h="http://java.sun.com/jsf/html"
	xmlns:p="http://primefaces.org/ui"
	xmlns:ui="http://java.sun.com/jsf/facelets"
>
	
	<p>Please upload all files you would like to associate with this publication. You can access this publication in the future by selecting View My Publications in the top menu.</p>
			   					
	<p><strong>#{pubMedSearch.selectedPub.title}.</strong><br/>
		#{pubMedSearch.selectedPub.fullnames}. #{pubMedSearch.selectedPub.journalname}. #{pubMedSearch.selectedPub.journalyear} #{pubMedSearch.selectedPub.journalmonth} 
		#{pubMedSearch.selectedPub.journalday}; #{pubMedSearch.selectedPub.epubsum2} #{pubMedSearch.selectedPub.doi} #{pubMedSearch.selectedPub.epubsum}</p>
	<p><strong>Abstract:</strong> #{pubMedSearch.selectedPub.abstract}</p>  
	<p>PMID: #{pubMedSearch.selectedPub.pmid}</p>
	<h:outputText rendered="#{pubMedSearch.redostep5msg ne ''}" value="#{pubMedSearch.redostep5msg}" style="color:red; font-weight:bold;"/>
	<h:outputText rendered="#{pubMedSearch.uploaderr ne ''}" value="#{pubMedSearch.uploaderr}" style="color:red; font-weight:bold;"/>
	<p><strong>To upload files to this record:</strong><br/>
		<strong>Choose:</strong> Select data files for upload. You may select multiple files by pressing the Ctrl button. If you receive a message about an invalid file type, you may continue to upload additional files by pressing the Choose button again.<br/>
		<strong>Upload:</strong> Upload all selected files simultaneously. You may upload individual files by selecting the up arrow icon to the right of the filename in the list. Once upload is complete, each file will appear under the Uploaded Files box below.<br/>
		<strong>Cancel:</strong> Cancel all uploads in progress after uploading to the site has begun. You may cancel individual files uploads in progress by selecting the cancel button (circle-slash symbol) to the right of the file name in the list.<br/>
		You may also drag and drop files into the space below to add them to the upload queue. <br/>
		<strong>Files may not be deleted from the CEP Tools repository after they are uploaded.</strong><br/>
		<strong>Acceptable File Types:</strong> .doc, .docx, .xls, .xlsx, .pdf, .abf, .xml, .pgf, .pul, .amp, .dat, .txt, .zip, .tar, .jpg, .jpeg, .png, .tiff, .tif, .jif, .jfif, .jp2, .jpx, .j2k, .j2c
	</p>
	<h:form enctype="multipart/form-data" id="uploadingfiles">
		<p:fileUpload 
			fileUploadListener="#{pubMedSearch.handleFileUpload}" 
			mode="advanced" 
			update="messages,:uploadingfiles:newf" 
			multiple="true" 
			allowTypes="/(\.|\/)(doc|docx|xls|xlsx|pdf|abf|xml|pgf|pul|amp|dat|txt|zip|tar|jpg|jpeg|png|tiff|tif|jif|jfif|jp2|jpx|j2k|j2c)$/" />  
		<p:dataTable id="newf" var="nfiles" rowKey="#{nfiles.index}" value="#{pubMedSearch.newrefinedfiles}" emptyMessage="No Files Uploaded" type="ordered" paginator="true" rows="10" paginatorTemplate="{CurrentPageReport}  {FirstPageLink} {PreviousPageLink} {PageLinks} {NextPageLink} {LastPageLink} {RowsPerPageDropdown}" rowsPerPageTemplate="5,10,15" >
		    			<f:facet name="header">Uploaded Files</f:facet>
		                <p:column headerText="File Name" > 
							#{nfiles.filename}
						</p:column>  
						<p:column headerText="File Size" > 
							#{nfiles.filesize} KB
						</p:column>    
		</p:dataTable>
		<p style="margin-top:15px;">		 
		   	<p:commandButton value="Next: Add File Descriptions" action="#{pubMedSearch.moveStep(5)}" update="@form" onclick="setTimeout('document.getElementById(\'' + this.id + '\').disabled=true;', 50);" oncomplete="setTimeout('document.getElementById(\'' + this.id + '\').disabled=false;', 50);"/>
		</p>
		<p>
		  	<p:commandButton value="Save Progress and Start a New Entry" actionListener="#{pubMedSearch.handleFileSavePoint3}" update="messages"/>
		</p>
		<p>If you do not wish to add file descriptions at this time, please click to save your progress. You will return to the main upload page. If no files have been uploaded, a new record will NOT be created for this publication in your account.</p>
		<p>Please do NOT use your browser's back button at anytime during the upload process.</p>
		<p:growl id="messages" life="10000" showDetail="true" sticky="true"/> 
	</h:form> 
</f:view>